1. What is conflict of interest
a. When the interests or benefits of an individual conflict with the interests or benefits of Infosys
b. When your family members receive improper personal benefits as a result of your position
c. When preferential treatment is given to your family member as a result of your position
d. All of the above
2. What should you do if you anticipate potential conflict of interest
a. Refer to the Code of Conduct and Ethics and Write to Office of Integrity and Compliance in case of any doubt
b. Approach your manager, disclose and discuss the matter. 
c. Disclose the conflict in Conflict-of-interest disclosure form and the COI module of Security Awareness Quiz (SAQ
d. All of the above
3. I am planning to start a small business for delivering lunch boxes for employees of 
several companies in my neighborhood including Infosys. The business will not compete with Infosys.Can I go ahead with this
a. Yes, since it does not relate to the business that Infosys is engaged in, this is fine
b. Yes, since this engagement is not making use of the company's assets or resources
c. Yes, it also does not have any impact on my working hours. 
d. No. The nature of the work is necessarily of full time which has the ability to affect your role and time to the Company
4. The contract with our catering company is up for renewal. You are in charge of selecting the new vendor and awarding the contract. However, one of the potential vendors is ABC Caterers, run by your nephew. Is this permitted
a. Yes, ABC is experienced and the quality of the food will be better
b. No. Your relationship with ABC Caterers will be considered to have influenced your decision to select ABC
c. Yes, you can award the contract as you have followed due process and are in charge of selecting caterer
d. Yes, select the vendor and remain silent about the relationship
5.I have written a book on Digital Web Enablement. Can I go ahead and publish it
a. Yes, provided no proprietary/confidential information of Infosys/ or its client is contained in the book
b. Yes, provided proper approvals are obtained through publication portal prior to publication of material
c. No, this will directly compete with the organization and create opportunity to transfer organizational IP to personal business
d. Yes, if option 1 &amp; 2 are satisfied

